Vectorizer doc review (#119)
timescale/pgai: docs/vectorizer.md

);
```

This function call:
1. Sets up a vectorizer for the `website.blog` table.
2. Uses OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-small` model to create 768 dimensional embeddings.
3. Chunks the `body` column into 128-character pieces with a 10-character overlap.
4. Formats each chunk with a `title` and a `published` date.
5. Schedules the vectorizer to run every `5` minutes starting from a date in the future.
6. Grants necessary permissions to the roles `bob` and `alice`.

The function returns an integer identifier for the vectorizer created, which you can use
in other management functions.

### Parameters

`ai.create_vectorizer` takes the following parameters:

> IAIN: not sure about the values in this table

Reviewer: ```sql
create or replace function ai.create_vectorizer
( source regclass
, destination name default null
, embedding jsonb default null
, chunking jsonb default null
, indexing jsonb default ai.indexing_diskann()
, formatting jsonb default ai.formatting_python_template()
, scheduling jsonb default ai.scheduling_timescaledb()
, processing jsonb default ai.processing_default()
, target_schema name default null
, target_table name default null
, view_schema name default null
, view_name name default null
, queue_schema name default null
, queue_table name default null
, grant_to name[] default array['tsdbadmin']
, enqueue_existing bool default true
) returns int
```
this is the latest code.

Author: Updated, thank you

| target_table     |                                                        | -       |✖| Specify where to store embeddings and create views.                        |
| view_schema      |                                                        | -       |✖| Specify where to store embeddings and create views.                        |
| view_name        |                                                        | -       |✖| Specify where to store embeddings and create views.                        |
| queue_schema     |                                                        | -       |✖| Set the way the queue works in background processing.                      |
| queue_table      |                                                        | -       |✖| Set the way the queue works in background processing.                      |
| grant_to         | array                                                  | -       |✖ | An array containing the role names to grant permissions to.                |
| enqueue_existing | bool                                                   | -       |✖| Set to `true` if existing rows should be immediately queued for embedding. |

#### Returns

> IAIN: I don't know what this function returns. 

Reviewer: The `id` of the vectorizer that was created.

#### Example usage

```sql
SELECT ai.scheduling_none()
```

#### Parameters

This function takes no parameters.

#### Returns

A JSON configuration object that you can use as an argument for [ai.create_vectorizer](#create-vectorizers).

### ai.scheduling_timescaledb

You use `ai.scheduling_timescaledb` to:

- Configure automated scheduling using TimescaleDB's job scheduling system.
- Allow periodic execution of the vectorizer to process new or updated data.
- Provide fine-grained control over when and how often the vectorizer runs.

#### Example usage

- Basic usage (run every 10 minutes):
  ```sql
  SELECT ai.scheduling_timescaledb()
  ```

- Custom interval (run every hour):
  ```sql
  SELECT ai.scheduling_timescaledb(interval '1 hour')
  ```

- Specific start time and timezone:
  ```sql
  SELECT ai.scheduling_timescaledb(
      interval '30 minutes',
      initial_start => '2023-12-01 00:00:00'::timestamptz,
      timezone => 'America/New_York'
  )
  ```

- Fixed schedule:
  ```sql
  SELECT ai.scheduling_timescaledb(
      interval '1 day',
      fixed_schedule => true,
      timezone => 'UTC'
  )
  ```

- Usage in `ai.create_vectorizer`:

>   These scheduling configuration functions are typically used as arguments to the
>   `ai.create_vectorizer` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These scheduling configuration functions are used as arguments to the
  `ai.create_vectorizer` function:
```
that's the only use

#### Returns

A JSON configuration object that you can use as an argument for [ai.create_vectorizer](#create-vectorizers).

## Enable and disable vectorizer schedules

You use `ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule` and `ai.disable_vectorizer_schedule` to control
the execution of [scheduled vectorizer jobs](#scheduling-configuration). These functions 
provide a way to temporarily pause or resume the automatic processing of embeddings, without 
having to delete or recreate the vectorizer configuration. 

These functions provide an important layer of operational control for managing
pgai vectorizers in production environments. They allow database administrators
and application developers to balance the need for up-to-date embeddings with
other system priorities and constraints, enhancing the overall flexibility and
manageability of pgai.

Key points about schedule enable and disable:

- These functions provide fine-grained control over individual vectorizer schedules without affecting other 
  vectorizers, or the overall system configuration.

> - Disabling a schedule does not delete the vectorizer or its configuration; it simply stops the automatic 
>   execution of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disabling a schedule does not delete the vectorizer or its configuration; it simply stops scheduling future
  executions of the job.
```
It won't stop currently running executions of the job

-- Perform maintenance tasks...

-- After maintenance is complete
SELECT ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule(1);
SELECT ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule(2);
```

The available functions are:
- [ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule](#aienable_vectorizer_schedule): activate, reactivate or resume a scheduled job.
- [ai.disable_vectorizer_schedule](#aidisable_vectorizer_schedule): disactivate or temporarily stop a scheduled job.

### ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule

You use `ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule` to:
- Activate or reactivate the scheduled job for a specific vectorizer.
- Allow the vectorizer to resume automatic processing of new or updated data.

#### Example usage

To resume the automatic scheduling for the vectorizer with ID 1.

```sql
SELECT ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule(1);
```

#### Parameters

`ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule` takes the following parameters:

|Name| Type | Default | Required | Description                                               |
|-|------|---------|-|-----------------------------------------------------------|
|vectorizer_id| int  | -       |✔| The identifier of the vectorizer whose schedule you want to enable. |

#### Returns

> IAIN: I don't know what this function returns.

Reviewer: `void`. there is no return

Author: Updated, thank you

### ai.disable_vectorizer_schedule

You use `ai.disable_vectorizer_schedule` to:
- Deactivate the scheduled job for a specific vectorizer.
- Temporarily stop the automatic processing of new or updated data.

#### Example usage

To stop the automatic scheduling for the vectorizer with ID 1.

```sql
SELECT ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule(1);
```

#### Parameters

`ai.enable_vectorizer_schedule` takes the following parameters:

|Name| Type | Default | Required | Description                                                          |
|-|------|---------|-|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|vectorizer_id| int  | -       |✔| The identifier of the vectorizer whose schedule you want to disable. |

#### Returns

> IAIN: I don't know what this function returns.

Reviewer: `void`. there is no return

Author: Updated, thank you

## Processing configuration

> You use the processing configuration functions in pgai to specify 

Reviewer: This whole section is out of date, but I think it may be easier to merge as-is and then submit fixes.

Author: Updated, thank you
